AllCropsAllSeasons/README.md, before:

﻿**All Crops All Seasons** is a [Stardew Valley](http://stardewvalley.net/) mod which lets you grow
crops in any season, including winter:
> ![](screenshot.png)

## Contents
* [Install](#install)
* [Use](#use)
* [Compatibility](#compatibility)
* [See also](#see-also)

## Install
1. [Install the latest version of SMAPI](https://smapi.io).
2. Install [this mod from Nexus mods](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/170).
4. Run the game using SMAPI.

## Use
Just install the mod and play the game. You'll be able to plant and harvest crops in any season,
and your crops will be saved each night. This mod does _not_ change store inventories, so you can
only buy crop seeds during their usual seasons.

## Compatibility
* Works with Stardew Valley 1.3 beta on Linux/Mac/Windows.
* Works in single-player and multiplayer.
* No known mod conflicts.

## See also
* [Release notes](release-notes.md)
* [Nexus mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/170)
* [Discussion thread](https://community.playstarbound.com/threads/smapi-all-crops-all-seasons-plant-and-harvest-any-crop-in-any-season.108526/)

Commit message:

Added config files for winter customization.

AllCropsAllSeasons/README.md, after:

﻿**All Crops All Seasons** is a [Stardew Valley](http://stardewvalley.net/) mod which lets you grow
crops in any season, including winter:
> ![](screenshot.png)

## Contents
* [Install](#install)
* [Use](#use)
* [Compatibility](#compatibility)
* [See also](#see-also)

## Install
1. [Install the latest version of SMAPI](https://smapi.io).
2. Install [this mod from Nexus mods](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/170).
4. Run the game using SMAPI.

## Use
Just install the mod and play the game. You'll be able to plant and harvest crops in any season,
and your crops will be saved each night. This mod does _not_ change store inventories, so you can
only buy crop seeds during their usual seasons.
Run once to generate config.json.
"WinterAliveEnabled" set to false to kill crops in winter.
"WinterHoeSnow" set to false will enable dirt overlay in winter.

## Compatibility
* Works with Stardew Valley 1.3 beta on Linux/Mac/Windows.
* Works in single-player and multiplayer.
* No known mod conflicts.

## See also
* [Release notes](release-notes.md)
* [Nexus mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/170)
* [Discussion thread](https://community.playstarbound.com/threads/smapi-all-crops-all-seasons-plant-and-harvest-any-crop-in-any-season.108526/)
